# Ethics in Technology

## Amazon Workers Demand Jeff Bezos Cancel Face Recognition Contracts With Law Enforcement
Amazon employees have been asking Jeff Bezos to pull the Rekognition software that enables real-time tracking of faces. They mention how this technology is so powerful and can easily be misused by law enforcement which in turn enables ICE and DHS to continue their services. It is interesting to see an example of how technology has become a major barrier that stands between inhumane actions and civility. It will be challenging to identify how to confront technology's role inside and outside the workplace. We are starting to see how technology is permanently altering how we live our lives.

## Will Democracy Survive Big Data and Artifical Intelligence?
Data is produced at exponential rate from year to year. Algorithms are already able to allow artifical intelligence to perform many tasks better than humans, but this could become a societal danger rather than a societal improvement. An example of how technology is negatively impacting human life is through *persuasive computing*. Platforms shift from programming computers to programming people. This could lead to attempts of hyper-controlled opinions where people are ultimately manipulated to making decisions (or may not even able to decide on their own). On another perspective, the legality of technology can be predicted as lagging. Where do we draw the line between technology and people? What would this look like in laws and basic rights granted to humans? Moving forward, I think it is important to protect ourselves, mainly our **data** and how it is collected and used. 